in a couple of days a third season of
sex education premieres on netflix so
that's why today on the summarizer sex
education season 1 and 2.
this is the story of otis a teenager
having trouble developing his sexuality
who can't even touch himself because the
traumas his parents left him as a kid
and also because his mother jean is a
sex therapist who has little respect for
his privacy and in the high school there
are a lot of other characters and they
are eric who is otis best friend and is
always happy except when he gets picked
on by the school bully named adam who
also has a couple of problems with
impotence and stuff like that and he's
also the son of the principal of the
school the other main character is this
girl named meeve who sleeps with jackson
the classic school jock who wants to
have a serious relationship with her
even though maeve doesn't want to and
finally there's amy who's adam's
girlfriend and also maeve's friend oh
and also a bunch of secondary characters
but for now they don't matter what
matters is that one day otis and maeve
find adam hiding in the toilet because
he took three viagras so using what he
learned from listening to his mother
otis solves all that problem with some
weird therapy maeve then realizes that
he can make some money by having otis
provide sex therapy to the school's
students and proposes him to run the
business and be partners at first the
clinic doesn't work but everything
changes when they go to a party and otis
gives free therapy to a couple and helps
them reconcile so the next day the word
spreads now everyone wants the advice of
the wise otis little by little he's
going to start falling in love with
maeve who is pretty disinterested in
that love thing and is more than happy
to have jackson as her friend with
benefits but everything starts to get
complicated when jackson asks otis for
help so he can conquer maeve and even
though at first he doesn't want to tell
him anything then he accidentally gives
him information about maeve's likes and
hobbies which jackson uses to get her
attention and of course they start to
work while all this was going on otis
meets ola who is the daughter of a
plumber who is flirting with otis mother
oh and he also meets lily a girl
desperate to lose her virginity with
anyone she comes across meanwhile when
jackson goes back to otis for more
advice on how to win maeve over he tells
her to make a public declaration of love
or something super cheesy like that
which maeve hated and thought was stupid
jackson sets up a musical for her in the
cafeteria to ask her to be his
girlfriend and everyone's surprised she
says yes so a month passes since jackson
and maeve became boyfriend and
girlfriend otis has no longer worked
with her at the sex clinic and now he
has free time for his friend eric whom
he invites to see a movie but when it's
time to leave otis is late and eric
leaves alone and instead of catching him
on the next bus he prefers to go with
maeve to investigate who is sending
private pictures of one of the popular
girls at school who doesn't want the
whole school to know that they are hers
at the end of that episode it didn't
really matter who the photos were of or
who was sending them because all the
girls join in saying that they were hers
and ending the threat together on the
other hand as expected everything goes
wrong on eric's birthday apart from
being left alone he gets lost his wallet
is stolen and he has to walk home but on
the way home some guys harass him and
beat him up which makes the two friends
end up arguing after that otis finally
decides to face his own problems and
goes to look for lily but he can't do
anything because he keeps getting
flashbacks of his traumas and has a
panic attack with all these problems on
top things start to change when he
realizes that ola is going to study at
the same school and as they get along
very well he invites her to go with him
to the dance once there the two couples
have an awkward encounter and when ola
asks otis about maeve he tells her that
she has nothing to worry about because
for him maeve is like an unattainable
lioness and ola is like a goat or a
kitten more at his level obviously this
makes ola pretty angry and she leaves
him alone at the dance but fortunately
for him eric is there and they are
friends again so everyone's happy in the
middle of the dance one of the students
buys drugs from maeve's brother and ends
up wanting to kill himself because a
girl doesn't like him but otis says a
few words to calm him down and ends up
saving him or something like that the
point is that their maeve realized that
otis is in love with her and that's why
jackson tells her that he was paying
otis to tell him what he had to do to
win her over and all that gets otis sent
to hell for the second time that night
the next day the school principal calls
them in because he found the boy's drugs
and believes that this whole clinic
thing is just a method to sell drugs so
maeve accepts responsibility in her
brother's place and as a result is
suspended from school on her way out she
runs into jackson and they have a fight
ending their relationship once and for
all meanwhile eric continues to deal
with adam who keeps bothering him every
time he can until eric gets fed up and
they start a mini fight that makes them
end up kissing and after that they flirt
between classes but adam gets sent to a
military school later otis reconciles
with his friends for that he writes a
letter to maeve asking for forgiveness
and making her realize that she actually
likes otis too but he also apologizes to
olaf for the way he compared her to
maeve and tells her that he does like
her so they end up kissing but just at
that moment maeve was coming to visit
otis and finds them in the middle of a
kiss when ola leaves she leaves otis
harder than a rock and he has no choice
but to do something that i can't tell
you for the first time in his life
leaving all his traumas behind and so
ends the first season of sex education
but the story continues in season two it
all starts with otis who now has finally
been able to overcome his problem from
the previous season but what he can't do
is to do it with ola because every time
they try it doesn't work and on top of
that to make it worse otis's mother and
olaf's father start dating maeve starts
working in a shopping mall but soon
things start to get complicated when her
mom comes back into her life with her
new half-sister she also has a new
neighbor named isaac who is the most
hated character of the whole season on
the other hand eric finds out that adam
is no longer going back to school
because he's going to stay in the
militarized school at the same time a
new guy named raheem arrives at school
and quickly starts hitting on eric so
they start dating but everything gets
complicated because adam doesn't last at
all at the military school and ends up
going back to high school so eric will
have to choose between the two meanwhile
at otis house the situation is pretty
complicated because ola's dad is very
annoying and gene can't stand him but
the important thing about otis mom is
that she is invited to participate in a
sex education program at school and as
she is a professional she started
stealing clients from otis clinic the
relationship between otis and ola also
continues to be difficult because
although they try several times otis
can't do it and because as maeve managed
to be accepted back into the school they
spend time competing for otis yes
because maeve realized that she is still
in love with him later maeve tells otis
that she likes him and that she gets
jealous every time she sees him with ola
but otis gets all pissed off because he
obviously likes maeve too but he thinks
it's unfair for him to hear that now
that he already has a girlfriend this
makes otis get into a crossroads but to
end it ola tells him to stop talking to
maeve or else she was gonna break up
with him and i don't understand for what
reason but otis chooses to stick with
ola so he sends her a message telling
her that they can't see each other
anymore later he meets with ola to tell
her that he's not going to talk to maeve
anymore and to tell her that he loves
her but at that moment she tells him
that they should break up because she
likes lily so otis decides that the best
thing to do is to organize a little
get-together at his house to eat roast
chicken and stuff like that and show
everyone that he's not sad after their
breakup but eric takes it upon himself
to invite the whole school to the party
and everyone arrives otis ends up all
drunk in front of everyone he tells them
the whole truth about his situation with
ola and maeve and they both leave the
party making otis even drunker and the
next days we find out that he finally
did it with the most popular girl in
school although he was so drunk that
when he wakes up and ruby tells him that
they did it they both wonder if they use
protection so they spend an entire
episode trying to figure it out and end
up buying the emergency pill anyway in
the middle of everything jackson injured
his hand on purpose so he wouldn't have
to compete anymore so they put him with
a tutor to improve his grades and
although at first they didn't get along
very well in the end jackson gives her
some flirting tips in exchange for her
teaching him how to act so he can get
into the school play and they end up
becoming super best friends in another
story amy was going to school very
quietly when a guy harasses her on the
bus at first she doesn't mind but then
she doesn't want to take the bus for
fear of meeting this guy again this
experience helps the girls realize that
something they unfortunately all share
in common is that they have all been
harassed which brings them together and
they support amy so that she can go to
school again without fear in another
story the school's principal's wife
tells otis his mother about her marital
problems jean gives her advice and since
her husband is unwilling to cooperate
she asks for a divorce and after that
the two women become super best friends
but since the principal thinks it's
gene's fault for his wife leaving him he
steals her notebook where she had
written down all the sexuality talks
that she had had with the students he
makes copies and pastes them all over
the school using this as a pretense to
fire her and speaking of gene she starts
having problems with olaf's father
because she was used to being alone and
he is too suffocating and then her
ex-husband otis's dad shows up and after
a few drinks they kiss enough reason for
her partner to break up and to find out
that she is pregnant anyway eric goes
with raheem to a school event that is
like a romeo and juliet play but quite
strange which despite everything was
going pretty well until adam arrives to
interrupt him because he calls eric on
stage and in front of everyone tells him
that he wants to hold his hand eric
accepts and then raheem leaves all sad
back to maeve she was all season dealing
with her mom her little sister and going
back to school at one point she joined
the geek team to participate in
knowledge contests and in the end they
end up winning the cup but it's not all
happiness because she also begins to
suspect that her mom is using drugs
again and with the help of her neighbors
confirms that her suspicions were true
she calls child services to have custody
of her little sister removed and ends up
with her family divided and left alone
again finally now that ola is happy with
lily otis sends a message to mae's
voicemail where he asks for her
forgiveness tells her that he loves her
and that all he wants is for them to be
together hours go by and with everything
that happened to her maeve still hasn't
checked her messages so otis goes to
visit her at her house but he can't find
her the only one he finds is the nosy
neighbor who tells him she's not home
and doesn't know when she'll be back so
otis has the worst idea of the whole
season telling the meanest character in
the series to please tell maeve that he
came looking for her and to check his
messages so otis leaves and there isaac
takes advantage of the fact that maeve
conveniently didn't take her cell phone
and apparently doesn't even have it
locked so he gets to listen to the
messages and realizing that it might
ruin his evil plan to win maeve over he
deletes the damn message and so ends the
second season of sex education that was
season one and two of sex education
comment which series or movie you'd like
me to summarize for future videos see
you later
good work okay bye
[Music]
you